hello friends this is satchel and this
time around we will be reviewing the new
Ivy Bridge macbook air 11-inch so until
I every Bridge architecture has arrived
and brought with it a much-anticipated
refresh to apples entire macbook line as
you can see the form factor has remained
the same wedge bootie as last year the
only thing that distinguishes the two
tiers of MacBook Airs is a solid-state
storage when being 64 gig the other one
128 all other specs are identical with a
1.7 gigahertz core i5 capable of a turbo
boost speed of 2.7 gigahertz now the
turbo boost feature started popping up
on apple's website and it's important to
clarify that turbo boost isn't like a
manually trigger bull nas button from
Fast and Furious its automated
overclocking turbo boost monitors the
current usage of the core i5 or core i7
processor to determine how close the
processor is to the maximum amount of
power it's supposed to use if it sees
that its operating well within its
limits turbo boost kicks in we're also
looking at four gigs of RAM and Intel's
new HD graphics 4000 integrated graphics
which is supposed to perform fifty
percent better than its predecessor for
everything video oriented apple's
proprietary SSD storage is supposed to
perform two times as fast as well i put
the boot time to the test and it smoked
to the boot time of even my iphone with
a boot time of 13.3 seconds another
performance improvement is its instant
on state from sleep it was never
actually instantly on until now you used
to have to wait a few seconds for the
mouse to catch up with the wake but that
is no more one unexpected feature is the
magsafe 2 connectivity for power this
new standard is thin and great but one
thing I've noticed in usage is how much
easier the magsafe will snap out of my
macbook given its lost surface area on
the top and bottom of its clamped space
the airs feature the latest HD FaceTime
camera as well as the long-awaited USB 3
I oh now I won't waste your time
regurgitating published write speeds on
it considering projected transfer rates
are almost always idealistically maximum
potential inflated and never incorporate
the slavemaster overhead that takes the
transfer rate down I did do a write test
and the USB 2.0 took forty eight point
five seconds to copy a 1.6 gigabyte file
over USB 3 it took only
18 seconds finally I ran some geektool
tests and they all hover around the
stellar score for an ultraportable if
you're hankering to pull the trigger on
a sleek speedy machine for everyday
productivity shoot away my friend
you